# QUESTION

a) As a large system with generic operations evolces, new types of data objects or
new operations may be needed. For each of the three strategies - generic
operations with explicity dispatch, data-directed style, and message
passing-style - describe the changes that must be made to a system in order to
add new types or new operations.

b) Which organization would be most appropriate for a system in which new types
must often be added?

c) Which would be most appropriate for a system in which new operations must
often be added?

# ANSWERS

a)

## generic operations

For each new type added, every operation needs to be redone to new methods
for the new type.

New operations can be written by themselves as long as each type is taken adds
the approriate methods and a new generic operation procedure is written.

## data-directed style

New types need to simply register themselves in the dispatch table for each
operation.

New operations require the creation of a new "column" in the dispatch table
and for each type to implement the appropriate procedure and to register
themselves

## message passing

New types must return an approriate function in order to deal with all
operands/methods that might be passed, but no changes to the other types
must be done.

New operations require each type to implement the operation, but nothing
needs to be registered

b) data directed style since it's easy to add new types without touching
existing code

c) message passing would be best here since new operations needs to be
implemented for each type, but you don't need to re-register the packages
or create a monolithic operation to dispatch to the right operation
